---
title: "Dinner"
image: "dinner.png"
ordering: "d"
draft: false
---

Every year on December 25th, a free meal is served to the community. We welcome
poor, homeless, lonely, low income, or anyone otherwise in need of a free meal.

The date coincides with christmas day, but the event is non-religious, and is
open to anyone of any faith, including agnostics and atheists.

The event is run entirely by volunteers using donated time, money and food. We
typically serve a meal consisting of turkey, mashed potatoes, stuffing, cooked
vegetables, cranberry sauce, gravy, and dessert. All of the items except for the
turkey are 100% vegetarian. (We have our standard turkey gravy and a vegetarian
alternative.) We'll typically have additional donated dishes in limited
quantities, many of which have included vegan options as well.)

A core team of volunteers plans the event each year, and prep work is done by a
small army of volunteers on December 24th, with the actual meal served by an
even greater contingent of volunteers on December 25th. Service runs from 1pm to
7pm. We typically serve around ~1,000 meals.

The dinner has moved locations on occasion, but this year we are at the NDG
Concordia Campus in Montreal, Canada.

### Flyer

Please share the attached flyers with anyone you think could benefit from a free
meal.

(FLYER COMING SOON.)

### Turkeys

We depend on individuals from the community to donate cooked turkeys and bring
them in on the 24th. We typically go through around 50-70 turkeys worth of meat.
Over the years the average turkey size sold in stores has decreased, so this
number has consequently increased.

We don't have enough oven time to cook this many turkeys which is why volunteers
donate them cooked, we break them down on the 24th, and we warm them up for
service on the 25th. Please reach out if you can cook and/or donate a turkey.

### Volunteers and Sponsors

The dinner is only possible due to the generous donation of time, food, money
and venue space from many individuals and organizations.

If you would like to volunteer your time, or you or a business that you know
would like to make a donation, please reach out.

We're looking for volunteers to donate and cook turkeys, prep and serve meals,
clean, serve drinks and desserts, and many other tasks.

This year we'd like to especially thank:

<style>
	th, td {
		padding: 10px; /* applies 10 pixels of padding to all sides */
	}
</style>
<table>
	<tr>
		<th>Type</th>
		<th>Sponsor</th>
		<th>Description</th>
	</tr>
	<tr>
		<td>Venue</td>
		<td><a href="https://concordia.ca/">Concordia University</a></td>
		<td>Generous donation of kitchen and dining hall space.</td>
	</tr>
	<tr>
		<td>Donation</td>
		<td>Your Company Here</td>
		<td>...</td>
	</tr>
</table>

### Contact

For more information, please reach us by email at:
[volunteerdinner@googlegroups.com](mailto:volunteerdinner@googlegroups.com?subject=purpleidea.com-referral).

### More Information

More information about the event is [available here](/misc/dinner/).

{{< blog-image src="hall-2024.jpg" caption="A picture of the hall in 2024." scale="100%" >}}

{{< blog-image src="hall-2023.jpg" caption="A picture of the hall in 2023." scale="100%" >}}

### Testimonials

{{< blockquote text="Gobble, gobble..." author="Turkey" >}}
